hey there friends how's it going my name
is kevin and today we're doing something
a little bit different for st patrick's
day we're going to celebrate by watching
some irish family swaps this is going to
be good you're going to like this
honestly tell them about my youtubes
that just launched kevin oh oh okay um
i'm just i'm doing something for st
patrick's day so i'll i'll be with you
in a while i'll just you will do it
right now tell them about my youtubes
that released just today there's a
limited amount and the people must know
okay yeah that that's a good point and
my youtubes just came out your youtubes
were telling them about my youtubes
figure all right all right and jim
pickens uh youtube's figure just came
out uh along with mine yeah yeah both of
them both of them are out
if you'd like either of them you can
find a link in the description i think
they're really cool the designs look
awesome both the figures and the boxes i
actually really really like the box art
i've got the jim pickens one which looks
really really cool um it's got like an
interior i think the interior looks
amazing but my my one doesn't have it on
it yet if you want to check them out
there is a link in the description to do
that um i think i'm going to take a
little break because that was a bit
scary and i'll be
right back in a few hours
oh my god why are they doing this to her
no stop it
that's gonna haunt her it's gonna keep
her awake at night that's the sort of
thing kids put up on like their tick
tocks or their instagrams
[Music]
but at least that's their own doing
these people set them up for future
embarrassment that's mean don't you
don't need my bag she's just robbing her
mom right in front of her and she can't
stop her give me money you're getting
mugged by your daughter which got really
out of hand and there were like seven
police you're recording this they're
underage drinking stop them who is the
cameraman why aren't you intervening you
can write a few letters if you feel like
it you know all write no i'm not gonna
have time yeah i'm not gonna have time
to write any letters i'm not probably
not gonna call you either
that was so unnecessary
that was so stupid she's the nicest
woman ever
probably not going to call you and then
you can just see his eye kind of go over
to the camera and he's like oh i'm i'm
not going to call you guys either i i
don't need parents
if they make me do something i don't
want to do i'll stand up for myself and
i won't take it yeah we'll see about
that when you get to ireland harry i
know you're doing it to him too this is
so unfair he kind of deserves it though
mom that makes me the angriest of any
anyone yeah she asked me to write a
letter once i was furious once again
cameraman
do something don't just let them
underage drink stop them you were
complicit in this camera man and you set
them up with those stupid cool intros
cameraman's a dick no not you come back
come back all right thank you i want to
hear from mr pickens over here he's not
spoken once this is how he went mad
isn't it
[Music]
she's super cool
with an attitude like that
for the point of human contact with your
parents makes you scream i'm trying to
hug and kiss you i just popped you in
the face
radical oh they're sending them to cork
fantastic we'll take care of them the
traditional family big on old catholic
values oh very good mary's gonna
slaughter him i could see it in her eyes
the rules are quite straightforward that
the ten commandments oh john is not
gonna take any [__] from them these are
okay there's no artificial coloring
oh god the the other two are not going
to fit in with their kids at all do a
cool intro for these kids they deserve
it like in a nice way not not a mean way
prince oh i thought they were not
feeding the other kids outside you have
to earn your place in the house once i
just said dammit dammit dammit anyway my
parents got so angry with me and they
said you have to go outside and eat your
dinner with the dogs because you're
speaking like an animal they made her
eat outside because she said
[__] in hell i got to be careful if john
and mary see me watching this and i've
already swore oh i'm so i'm so screwed
there is no such thing as a bad child
you need rules you need guidelines he
stole that out of pokemon there is no
such thing as a bad child john isn't as
good as he seems i think i reckon for
this family to try and change me they're
gonna have to try pretty [__] hard
dude you're gonna be eating with the
dogs with words like that i like how
they didn't bleep the swear word by the
way but they blurred his mouth
that's the important part you don't want
the deaf people lipreading that sort of
thing
yeah
they're not gonna frisk you
what okay he's hiding bottles in his
pants john's gonna beat the [__] out of
him welcome to our house thank you guys
if you don't mind i'm just going to give
you a quick frisk to see if you've any
bottles in your old pantaloons
beat them over the head with it probably
look at this
in harry house the cameraman's going to
snitch on you he's not as cool as he
seems or maybe he is maybe he's like
fitting in with them now he did film
them underage drinking to be fair five
euro reduction from allowance when not
up to the mark per mum and dad oh my god
there's fines
yeah try saying that to john and mary i
think they'll get a bit of a shock at
the start um but hopefully she almost
swore i could tell she was about to say
they're going to get a [__] shock but
you realize that this is going to be on
camera and the cameraman is a snitch
they're gonna go horse riding and
everything
they're getting rewarded i'm gonna
snitch on them i'm gonna tell big john
where your alcohol is sit up straight
now emily put your shoulders back i feel
like even i should take his advice horse
made me look like an idiot yeah yeah the
horse did that yeah don't kick [__] at
me like literally don't kick [__] at me
no we don't say anymore
oh
the cursing he's furious he's boiling
inside and i did literally mean [__] but
i accidentally said it
it's even the horse is pissed welcome to
ireland did you remove that pier those
two piercings
they're gonna take out your piercings
oh that's fantastic sure mary isn't that
one of the ten commandments there'd be
no piercings on the body or face chase
you might be right on that one john
let's rip them out try it our way for
the week
so if i was in that position i would
just take them out no the sister is
talking down to her she's like second in
command i need you to slip out to buddy
piercing give it to me but if i just
wear the plastic he's gonna take it and
put it in himself
i mean if you just knew how hideous it
looks
no he's just making fun of her they are
my decisions i have to wear them in my
face none of the people from our house
will wear things like that going to
school
it hurts us
do you represent our family like to be
fair
i'm kind of on the kids side on this one
like it's her own piercing she comes
from a different family that's her style
she's already done it it's not like
she's gonna get a new one just leave her
wear her [__] piercing sorry john
where are where her flipping piercing
looks worse with just the hole that's
okay no it's definitely piercing's gone
ah she looks got it
he looks delighted
he's a good thing i didn't come on any
piercings oh about that tattoo though
john will come over with the laser harry
doesn't talk much he's going to blow up
i feel like it's all boiling inside him
and he's slight thing he tries to get a
bit of power back they just immediately
shut him down we want your runners and i
want your phone
uh-oh
uh-oh phone's going oh he's getting
really angry he's about to blow up
we won't have a repeat performance
yes he said yes but no he's plotting
having to clean [__] out of a
horse stable
it's kind of a bit harsh wait they're
making them shoveled [__] oh god he's
gonna have a breakdown he's getting so
angry i can see with emily that her
priorities are changing body piercings
it's day two jon how did you do it maybe
you're
planning up something for some smuggling
drugs oh she is searching them now
should have started doing that from day
one they wouldn't have got alcohol into
your home harry
oh god what have you found on harry
please oh um that's a paddling wait he's
running away harry this is ireland
there's nowhere to go
there's only fields once again the
cameraman just follows him ditching
school
mary's on the prowl she's gotten worried
that cameraman snitched for sure i don't
know what if i can't find him at all
well i mean just ring the cameraman
ridiculous really it's ridiculous this
is ridiculous mary you're right i'm
looking for a 15 year old boy blonde
hair green uniform saint aydens
[Music]
he's going to phone the police
there's some woman there looking for a
15 year old boy sure ain't that illegal
oh my god i thought that was mary coming
in the car behind him because i didn't
run him next time stay in school he'll
have to deal with more than just
disappointment with these parents but
what are they gonna do to him is the
death penalty legal in court but if that
wasn't enough mary's just discovered the
bottle of wine emily stashed under the
middle oh no oh no and emily was just
getting on their good side sorry i'll
give you my full attention now mary
she'd be furious if she saw me on my
phone that's ridiculous
you know there's rules in this country
about alcohol i'm going to have to turn
you in emily
it brings us straight to the bellies i
want you to learn from this week and and
learn that you don't need crotches like
this to keep you going love i don't
think she's using it as a crutch she's
like 16 this is not a typical irish
family a typical irish family would not
pour alcohol down the drain if they just
want to have a shower and just
think
jesus cameraman leave her alone she's
going to the shower
john isn't the only one ready to see a
change in harry
his mum julie has written him a letter
why did she bother she knows he's not
gonna write back he probably won't even
call her probably not gonna call you
either how are thou are dearest harry
what the hell
this mom is great dad and i want for
nothing more than for you to be happy
she's so nice i wonder what her husband
is like i think he's legitimately not
said a word oh he's gonna say something
oh no he changed his mind there's
something right on the cusp of his lips
about to come out and then he said no
maybe later see you soon my has a kid
oh that's dramatic
look at that it's really sinking in oh
my god it's worked i don't think of
myself as a horrible person maybe they
just need to communicate in letters from
now on it's like a [__] disney movie
or something like one instance just
changes the entire character she's
telling the truth that she did drink it
on the way over here and didn't drink it
while she was here
let's give her a benefit of the doubt if
you've asked her about it if she said
that is the case well let me believe her
well that's very mature i thought they
were just going to beat the [__] out of
her to be honest oh no now she's getting
a letter emily you took my bottle of
wine please bring it back oh my god the
written word is powerful
is it working
i love you
oh gee she sounds so nice i bet john and
mary just wrote these letters and
they're manipulating them into being
good they're always one step ahead it's
really hard to hear your mom talk like
that what did they love you i wouldn't
know emily's already on the path to
change it's been like three or four days
i'm not sure i believe that harry really
knuckled down and happily more denying
today and he did it without a break and
he did it willingly and didn't stop
until the job was finished i [__]
take that job too just get away from
them for a while yeah it's like
bittersweet like i want to see my family
but i want to stay here so she's loving
it john and mary are your new family
look at this like she's changed her life
entirely because of that letter we only
got like seven minutes of the video left
come on wrap it up fix harry next now
aussie teenagers will begin their long
trip home what but you didn't fix harry
he's still got a bit of a troublemaker
in him he probably still has that bottle
in his pants he never took it out from
day one he's too afraid he'll get found
out like she did
here's your piercings back
in the morning top of the morning
they've all been watching a bit of
jacksepticeye i see
thank
you my god she's breaking down it's such
an impact on her meanwhile harry's gone
running away again where's he going
she's a super guy
but what about harry
please fill me in on what's happening
with him good man harry have a good day
okay there we go a little handshake no
but seriously what about her piercings
are you gonna give him back is john
gonna be wearing them as he waves them
goodbye
[Music]
wait hold on a second did they have a
little sign up hold on welcome home
harry his parents are the best
[Music]
you want to say hi to your son wait i
think he said something hold on
is that hello harry oh that's that's
really nice i feel like all the loose
ends are getting tied up they don't have
any sign up for emily god way to get
shown up
i like it like a surprise like oh my god
she's here meanwhile the cameraman's in
the living room waiting for her to open
the door they were fantastic they were
like the greatest family they were so
good hey hold on now don't talk them up
too much like your your own family might
get a bit jealous then i decided that i
didn't want them no hold on hold on you
fought two to nail to keep those
piercings what john just wanted them
more he was more passionate about it and
appreciate what i do have not whinge and
fight with you about what i don't have
they're only being nice because the
cameraman's there and he's got so much
dirt on them as soon as he leaves
they're gonna go back to normal she's
kept up horse riding and still doesn't
have her face piercings well that's cuz
john never gave him back i couldn't put
the ending better myself watch more of
call me kevin and subscribe we did learn
that the written word is extremely
powerful so i hope you take that on
board uh we're gonna leave it there i
hope you enjoy this has been a bit of a
strange video but i really really
enjoyed it if you want to see more stuff
like this do let me know i'm sure
there's plenty for us to watch together
god that was 40 minutes that flew past
but yeah i hope you guys enjoyed i
appreciate you watching as always folks
and that's about it bye for now